Adding Cypress to grid_weblets (#822)
threefoldtech/grid_weblets: docs/cypress.md

## Cypress

### Prerequisites

- Check the System Requirements first from the [Cypress Docs](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/getting-started/installing-cypress#System-requirements).

## Running Cypress

- You can run cypress using two different methods either through the [cypress test runner (Headed Mode)](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/getting-started/opening-the-app#cypress-open) or through [Command Line (Headless Mode)](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/guides/command-line#What-you-ll-learn)

### Credentials

- Before running any tests navigate to `/cypress/fixtures/credntials.json` and add your `Mnemonics` and `Public SSH Key`

### Cypress Test Runner

- To run Cypress using the test runner you can follow the instructions in the [docs](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/getting-started/opening-the-app#cypress-open) or use any of the following commands.

- `npx cypress open`
- `yarn run cypress open`

- This will open the test runner and then you can choose between the testing type

   ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/101194226/173856212-2833f7e2-48cc-4dc3-8ede-205f57087260.png)

> - If u choose e2e testing you will be prompted again to choose the prefered browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you choose e2e testing you will be prompted again to choose the preferred browser.
```
